This section we're going to describe the case study all of the problems at hand in a forum of the machine
learning terminology's.
OK.
So let's get started.
The first step is here we have our images there we acquired it using the innate technique.
So we have some images that are indicating that the cancer is malignant or in some other images that
detect the cancer is benign and in weeks checked out of this basically 30 features okay which indicating
radius texture premiered area and smoothness.
All right.
And all that data said has been done for you.
So obviously we're not you know like physicians or doctors of cancer experts.
We're going to look into the images per say.
Our focus right now is to accept all these features in other data you can access it from here it's in.
If you just follow that link it will give you the access to the data and there's data you will see that
we have 30 features and these 30 features we're going to feed them into the Classifier or the machine
learning model they can classify to us if the cancer again is malignant or have been our own.
So the first step is how many datasets we have.
So in this case study we're going to have five hundred and sixty nine instances which means that we
have 500 in 69 instances divided between them some of them again malignant some of them are benign.
And in this case study we have two hundred and twelve malignant cases and 357 benign.
It's all right.
So what we do again and how would the Classifier is that we tell the machine learning model when we
train it when we teach it how to classify it.
We look at these features which is in this case we have three features and we're going to feature the
part of the class.
We're going to say look if you look at these features then indicate that the cancer is let's say zero
which is malignant in this case.
And then if you look at the 30 features may be classified as one which is kind of a benign.
So it's kind of the opiate is is a binary in a forum indicating zero or one for malignant or benign.
And that's how are we going to feed or teach our machine learning model how to classify cancer.
In this case.
Right.
So let's take a look at the technique we're going to be using in this case study which is what we call
it supported vector machines.
OK so let's assume that we have peed on the x axis the first feature of one of these speeches one of
the three features we call a feature one on the y axis we have another features feature to.
And as you can see here we have these two classes per say in this hour.
In our case let's assume this for example in the malignant case in this case these points are of the
red points are the benign case.
And what we do is we want the machine learning strategy or technique to simply cypriani the two classes
in a very simple form.
We can just draw a line in between here which indicates Okay that's the line there that's or separate
the two classes.
Someone can tell me okay maybe that's not the line maybe we can put this line instead or maybe this
line is dead and so on.
OK.
So the objective of the training of our model using of the support we get getting machine method is
to find the best line that separates the two classes.
OK.
So that best line in this case we are going to rely on mainly these two points in these two points in
our study we're going to call it the supported vectors.
OK.
Again we're not going to dig into the maths mathematics of that which doesn't give you an intuition
of what supported vector machines are.
And how can we apply it in practical Python environment.
So I guess I can see here this is basically what we call the maximum margin hydroplane which is the
hydroplane or the line that separates mainly the two classes.
OK.
In order to get this line we use a distance of what we call the maximum margin distance and that's the
objective of the support detector machine classifier is to find and maximize that maximum margin distance
between the two classes.
And in order to do this we use these two many points.
And in this case we call them supported vectors.
Right.
So what do you mean by supporting the active support that there are points there.
We assume that these points are kind of on the boundary or a kind of an on a grey area.
Okay.
The unthoughtful the malignant in this case or benign in this case it's kind of in between what human
eyes for example or physicians might be able to I don't know.
This cancer is malignant or benign or if for example of this like image is a cat or a dog or right.
And that's why the support that they have classified is very unique in this sense that it's simply uses
the points or the support vectors that are on the boundary to draw the boundary out to classify the
classes.
And actually you can see here as well in the case study there is a point that the machines are very
powerful.
Really powerful techniques and why.
Because it's kind of an extreme algorithm.
It doesn't classify for example.
It's like samples of these samples.
It just focus on the support of doctors or the points on the boundary and cypriani them somehow.
All right.
So let's take a look at a practical example to get an maybe more understanding of the intuition.
So if you can see here again we have two classes we have our hyper hyper plane.
And here we have these other two supporting actors.
OK.
So it is assumed that we wanted to for example classify images or to teach the machine learning model
to classify images of cats and dogs.
OK.
So for example this point indicates let's say the blue indicates the cat's in the red and the heads
the dogs.
So if you wanted to classify cats these points which is kind of have it completely distinct or completely
different feature compared to the other points you would see there it's very easy it can easily identify
that this is a cat which has this simple white good features of the care that are very distinct.
Anyone even if you teach a kid can tell you Okay this basically a cat or a.
If you look at these points on the far left.
In the case of these features are for a dog.
OK.
You can tell that from the feature from the nose from the years from so on the from the colour.
These features indicate.
OK.
This is my 100 percent dog.
It's very difficult for the machine learning technique to misclassify them to me basically mix cats
and dogs.
However for support effective machines what we do in order to teach the model that we rely on the support
that is which of these two main points there is a kind of lie in the boundary okay which is basically
where gays can see here kind of an image that you know maybe I had a hard time is like a dog that has
some features of a dog at the same time has some features of its kind of a mix or I and these are the
points that mr. disport of a machine uses to classify or separate the two classes.
All right.
I hope you guys enjoyed that section and supported better machines section and in the next section we're
going to look in to the Jupiter book and start a visual ever did you guys enjoy this section.
And until then enjoy machine learning.